[DINPUT] Import from Wine 7.8 with fixes and Windows compatibility (#4674)
reactos/reactos: media/doc/WINESYNC.txt

dll/directx/wine/d3dxof         # Synced to WineStaging-4.18
dll/directx/wine/ddraw          # Synced to WineStaging-3.3
dll/directx/wine/devenum        # Synced to WineStaging-4.18

> dll/directx/wine/dinput         # Synced to Wine-7.8 (tests is WineStaging-4.18 because newer are depending NT6+ )
> dll/directx/wine/dinput8        # Synced to Wine-7.8 (tests is WineStaging-4.18 because newer are depending NT6+ )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dll/directx/wine/dinput         # Synced to Wine-7.8 (tests are WineStaging-4.18 because newer depend on NT6+)
dll/directx/wine/dinput8        # Synced to Wine-7.8 (tests are WineStaging-4.18 because newer depend on NT6+)
```
